Welcome back.
If you've been following along each video one by one and you're finally here I hope that the this keyword
is something not scary anymore.
You understand it.
You have a good idea of it.
And I want to take this opportunity to review the ways that we've learned we can manipulate this keyword.
The most recent one that we learned was this idea of the new binding and this new binding was used with
constructor functions where we'd have things like a person.
And we can use this dot.
Name equals name.
This dot age equals page and as soon as we call this and do Person 1 equals new person and we give it
let's say Xavier
and fifty five.
Well now we have Person 1
with the proper this updated the new binding allow us to assign this to the object that we instantiate
the person from.
So Person 1 will be the this keyword.
So that's the one way that we can manipulate this keyword.
The other way is called implicit binding and with implicit binding.
Well it's when we used something like this where it was just implied we didn't have to do anything.
This is just how the language works.
We created an object and inside of that object the this keyword will refer to person.
That's implicit binding.
It's the most common one but then we also learned about X plus it binding.
And that's when we dictate exactly what the this keyword should refer to.
For example if we have person three here with name H and again the same function high function but that
function has let's say set timeout that it wants to call.
But in this case this is going to refer to Person 3.
Just like we saw above.
But let's say that we want to call the set timeout method.
And I mean we could just do window or just not use anything and just to set timeout.
But if we want this to refer to the window object we can explicitly tell it what to bind to and we say
bind to window so that if I do person three dot high
this works I get the set timeout functionality from the window explicit binding is using bind call or
apply to explicitly tell the program hey this is what I want this to be I want it to be window and then
finally we learned about Arrow functions and with Arrow functions we learned that unlike all the other
times where this is dynamically scoped that is it gets determined whenever it gets called with the arrow
functions we can do lexical scoping that is wherever we write the function that's what this binds to
so that if we do something like person for and we have the high function but inside of that function
we have a another function remember a method with a function inside of it is the biggest gotcha when
it comes to this.
Well if we run inner here and we run it everything is working because we're using arrow functions if
we didn't use an arrow function and just used a regular function well in that case this would be the
window object which we usually never want so I hope this is now easier for you to understand error functions
explicit binding implicit binding the new binding allow us to harness the power of this I'll see in
the next one by.